Welcome, in this video, we're going to directly edit our files on GitHub.
While normally I don't recommend this as a best practice, there are times when
editing files directly on GitHub can be a bit beneficial, or at least convenient.
I'm currently logged in, and on the "website" Git repository on GitHub.
I have my list of files and folders that are part of my repository,
and let's just start out by going to the "index.html" file, and editing it directly.
Click on the file, and that will load that particular file into this interface.
What we're interested in in particular is the "Edit this file" button.
Before we do that, we can see that GitHub will display this
in a nice viewer with syntax highlighting if the language is known.
In this case, it picks up on the fact that this is an HTML document,
So, GitHub will dutifully display the HTML markup, with syntax highlighting.
Alright, now let's click on "Edit this file".
The file then reloads into an editor, which we can then make our changes.
We have several options available, including previewing the changes,
whether or not we want to use spaces or tabs,
and how many spaces to use for the indent size.
4 spaces for a tab size or intention level is fairly standard, so I'm going to leave that.
We also have the option to wrap or do a soft wrap; I'm going to leave it with "No wrap".
And, we have the option of going to editing in full screen mode.
Let's check that out right quick; that provides a "different" view of our source code...
I'm going to exit the full screen mode, which GitHub sometimes refers to as "Zen Mode".
And, I'm going to do my editing directly in this particular style of editor,
since it has the syntax highlighting as well as the numbers of the lines.
I'm going to find the title tag, and inside the title tag I'm going to make an update here.
Great, that's the only change I want to make for now.
So, let's scroll down; past the editor we have options for committing this change.
Just like on our local GitHub repository, we need to commit our changes.
If you need to, you can also provide an optional extended description;
this is not required, but it is helpful. You can also use Markdown syntax if you want.
And, for now, we're going to keep the commit directly on master;
however, if we wanted to, we could switch to another branch prior to doing the commit.
I'm going to go ahead and click on commit changes.
If I didn't like my changes, I could also exit out by clicking on cancel.
Great, now that I've made that change, if you notice at the top here
we have our commit message, which is "Update title for Personal Website".